stand on the power twister like this and
bend your knee slightly now start to
twist your body to the music make sure
you're standing on the plate correctly
and twist twist twist swing your arms
like this left and right left and right
well done
twist your waist like this left and
right left and right
now let's exercise with to power
twisters place one foot on each plate
like this twist your body and feet at
the same time left and right left and
right keep your balance and stand at the
center of each power twister left and
right left and right
stand on the power twister and raise
your arms as high as your shoulders
start to push your body using your waist
and thigh muscles try to keep your
balance by swinging both your arms and
twist twist twist one more two more
three more one more two more three more
very good boost your body like this okay
let's move on to another exercise raise
your arms and move them in big circles
keep twisting your body with the power
twister one more two more three more one
more two more
three more very good one more two more
three more stand face-to-face like this
and hold each other's arms twist to the
left and right left and right left and
right left and right very good
maintain the same speed while twisting
your body left and right left and right
put both of your hands on the power
twister like this keeping your body
straight
twist your shoulders like this left and
right left and right
move your shoulders while making sure
your body is straight this exercise
helps to work your back muscles
place the power twister on the floor
approximately 30 centimeters from a wall
and stand on it facing the wall put your
hands against the wall
and twist your hips left and right left
and right
make sure your hands are at shoulder
height and grip the wall while
exercising very good left and right left
and right
you